doc: documentation update (#490)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/samples/why_new_template.rst

| Device under test (CLI)   |``west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 sid_dut``            | ``west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 template -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-dut.conf"``        |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

User interface
--------------

> The user interface was changed in Sidewalk template, to better support board with smaller amount of buttons and leds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user interface was changed to better support boards with a smaller amount of buttons and LEDs.
```

> **Buttons** changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows button changes:
```

+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+

> | Description                    | Old                      | New                     |

Reviewer: Description -> maybe it could be a "button action"?
+would it be correct to say "Old mapping"/"New mapping"?

+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+
| Board support                  | ``board_events.c``       | N/A (use CLI command)   |
+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+
| Set fake battery level         | ``Button 4 (short)``     | N/A (use CLI command)   |
+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+
| Get current Device Profiles    | ``Button 2 (short)``     | N/A (use CLI command)   |
+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+
| Switch between Device Profiles | ``Button 2 (long)``      | N/A (use CLI command)   |
+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+
| Sensor Monitoring button press | ``Buttons 1-4 (short)``  | ``Buttons 1-4 (short)`` |
+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+
| Switch Link Mask               | N/A                      | ``Buttons 3 (long)``    |
+--------------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------+

> **LEDs** changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows LED changes:
```

+--------------------------------+--------------+--------------+

> | Description                    | Old          | New          |

Reviewer: Instead of description could this be called an "LED status" or something similar?

+================================+==============+==============+
| Application Link and Connected | ``LED 1``,   | ``LED 1``    |
|                                | ``LED 4``    |              |
+--------------------------------+--------------+--------------+
| Application time sync          | ``LED 3``    | ``LED 2``    |
+--------------------------------+--------------+--------------+
| Application Registered         | ``LED 2``    | ``LED 3``    |
+--------------------------------+--------------+--------------+
| Application woke up            | N/A          | ``LED 4``    |
+--------------------------------+--------------+--------------+
| Sensor Monitoring led          | ``LEDs 1-4`` | ``LEDs 1-4`` |
+--------------------------------+--------------+--------------+

> **CLI** changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the following CLI changes have been made:
```

> * All Sidewalk Device Under Test application (``sid_dut``) commands are available when ``CONFIG_TEMPLATE_APP_CLI`` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All Sidewalk Device Under Test application (``sid_dut``) commands are available when the ``CONFIG_TEMPLATE_APP_CLI`` option is enabled.
```

> * Old ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_CLI`` was removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The old ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_CLI`` option was removed.
```

> 

Reviewer: @ktaborowski In the reviewed migration guide, that just got merge, in the "source files" section I left "samples" in the description field but it's not correct. However, I couldn't come up with a term that would encapsulate all of the terms listed - could you please take a look at that description as well? Thank you!
